1.56
-----
Use new version of FrontPanel API. This comes in both x86 and x64 flavors,
so there are now two flavors of the Atticus binary.



1.57
-----

Code cleanup.
Renamed AtticusServerRuntime to AtticusServerCommunicator.
Created some subdirectories in DataStructures for organizational purposes.
Variety of small code changes, renames, deletions.

Fix to minor bugs regarding naming of default settings file in Cicero 
(inconsistent presence or absence of the .set file extension). NOTE: You may 
need to copy your default settings file to SettingsData.set when migrating 
from a previous version.


1.58
-----

Integrating MySql database support for Cicero. (Run information can be exported
to a MySql database?). Reference implementation of the database is in the 
clinamen/ directory, written by Ed Joe Su.

Recategorizing some Cicero Settings fields in the UI as part of the "Paris fork"
(these are features that are unsupported and not well integrated, but left in 
for compatability purposes).


1.59
-----

Eliminated a large number of unnecessary NI dependencies in Cicero and 
DataStructures projects, which will make compiling and running this suite 
substantially easier.

Cicero no longer uses NI WaveformGraph, thus no licensed copy of Measurement 
Studio is required to compile it.

DataStructures no longer references NI GPIB Address structure, but rather a 
new clone of the same functionality.


1.60
-----

Streamlined the build-for-distribution process, which will help avoid future
errors in producing a working Cicero build.


1.61
-----

Internal changes -- version number tracking in saved Sequence and Settings
files. This will allow for future improvements to backward compatibility
should it be necessary to make radical changes to these objects which
would break compatability without special conversion attention.

Significant UI Optimizations when adding or removing variables or pulses.

Bug fix to floating point numbers in equations. When Cicero was installed
on computers in French language mode, neither "," nor "." worked as decimal
seperators in floating numbers (ie 1.34). Now, when parsing equations,
we default to US-style seperators and ONLY "." will work.


1.62
-----

Internal changes / code improvements: better seperation of Timestep Editor
UI element from the mechanics of outputting a single timestep. Many name 
changes of objects to improve code readability. Changes to timestep
hotkey handling. New buffer snapshot testing to ensure that any future
cleanups of buffer generation code do not affect behavior.

Visible changes: Bug fix to analog preview pane not always being correctly
cleared.

Bug fix to RFSG tasks -- Initiate is no longer called on each run even if
AutoInitiate for that device is set to true. Instead, an internal flag is
used to keep track of whether the given RFSG device is supposed to be in 
Iniated mode already. This should fix a previous bug in which calling
Initiate if the card was already initiated was actually DISABLING the card. 
hopefully it does not introduce a new Issue, though if the state of this
internal flag gets invalidly set to true, it may require a reset of Atticus
to have Initiate called again.

Pulse autonaming feature -- helps you to enforce a Pulse naming convention
by coming up with descriptive Pulse names for you.

Timestep drag&drop support. Individual timesteps can be dragged and dropped
to reorder them.

1.63
-----

Changes to Analog Input channel configuration. Note -- your old Atticus
settings will no longer correctly configure your analog inputs (if you
are using this feature).

Bugfix to Cicero occasionally failing to load old settings file (platform-
dependent).

Major changes to FPGA feature set, and how it interacts with software-timed
tasks:
  a) FPGA "Wait For Retrigger" words now support a wait timeout, after which
the sequence will continue to run even if a retrigger edge was never received.
  b) Wait for retrigger can now retrigger on positive or negative edge or value,
depending on user selectable flag for that word.
  c) A much more sophisticated way of sharing software clocks allows for software
timed tasks (ie GPIB, RFSG, RS232) to be synchronized to FPGA clock, even if there
are long retrigger waits. The software clock can also be broadcast over the network
to Cicero (to make the UI reflect any retrigger waits) and other Atticus servers
(to synchronize their software tasks to the FPGA as well).


1.64
-----

New feature: Cicero "always use network clock" checkbox.

New feature: FPGA retrigger debounce (accessible through Atticus device settings
for FPGA).

Bugfix: fixed unpredictable behaviour when combining looped timestep groups
with retrigger waits.

Rename "Wait-for-retrigger" to "Hold-then-retrigger" to better reflect its actual
behavior (the beginning of the hold word will be output, THEN the sequence will wait,
and THEN the sequence will continue running the rest of the word once a retrigger is received).

[rev6] Fix to major memory leaks which could cause Cicero to crash after prolonged
operation. (timestep editors, variable editors, and pulse editors were not being
properly disposed of. bugs introduced in version 1.61 and 1.62)

[rev7] Add citation information and initial startup message.